Errors 1
1. Missing <!DOCTYPE HTML> declaration at the top of the page. Fixed it by adding one to line 1
2. Language descriptor should be inside of the original html element on line 2 and not in a new one. Fixed this by deleting html element and
    putting the descriptor inside the original element. Language descriptor is also written as'language="en"'. 
    Fixed this by making it 'lang="en"'
3. Missing a meta element inside the head describing the charset. Fixed this by adding <meta charset="UTF-8"> inside the head on line 5
4. <head> element has no closing tag. Fixed this by adding one after the title element on line 8
5. <h1> element has no closing tag. Fixed this by adding one on line 10
6. <p> element has no opening tag. Fixed this by adding one on line 12
7. The 6th list item has a closing tag for an opening tag on line 20. Fixed this by making it an opening tag
8. Closing tag of ordered list element is one of an unordered list on line 25. Fixed this by making it appropriate tag
9. <p> element has no closing tag on line 27. Fixed this by adding one.
10. Image element is missing alt text on line 29. Fixed this by giving it some alt text.
11. Closing tag of anchor element is that of an image element (Which are self closing). Fixed this by making it appropriate tag on line 31
12. Table data element for 25 has opening tag for a closing tag on line 40. Fixed this by making it appropriate tag
13. Table element is missing a closing tag. Fixed this by adding one on line 46
14. Source descriptor of image element is written as 'source="error.jpg" on line 48. Fixed this by making it 'src="error.jpg"'
15. Paragraph isn't enclosed in a paragraph element on line 50. Fixed this by enclosing it in one
16. Paragraph claims to be strikethrough text but isn't enclosed by strikethrough element on line 50. Fixed this by addding one
17. Uses bgcolor descriptor for background color of paragraph element which isn't support on line 52. Fixed this by setting background color
    with style element.
18. Input element is missing '/' at the end of its tag on line 54. Fixed this by adding it
19. Comment is missing a closing tag on line 56. Fixed this by adding one
20. Anchor element is missing a closing tag. Fixed this by adding one
21. Emphasis element has its closing tag after the paragraph element's closing tag when it was initially nested inside the paragraph element.
    Fixed this by putting the closing tag of the emphasis element before that of the paragraph element on line 60.
22. Paragraph text claims to be underlined but isn't enclosed in an underline element on line 60. Fixed by enclosing it in underlined element
23. Descriptive item title is enclosed in the tags of a list element when is should be in those of a description title element on line 63.
    Fixed this by making the tags of this element appropriate
24. Descriptive item title is also enclosed in the tags of a list element when it should be in those of a description element on line 63.
    Fixed this by making the tags of this element appropriate.
25. Closing tag of the <h2> element is the opening tag of an <h3> element on line 66. Fixed this by making the tag a closing <h2> tag.

Errors 2
1. Doesn't have opening html tag before the head element. Fixed this by removing the html tag inside the body and adding one before the head
    on line 2.
2. html element is missing language descriptor. Fixed this by adding one of lang="en" on line 2.
3. Puts h1 element inside the head when it should be in the body. Fixed this by removing it from the head and putting it in the body on line 8.
4. Head element on line 3 is missing a closing tag. Fixed this by adding it on line 6. Head element is also missing a meta element of charset="UTF-8".
    Fixed this by adding it.
5. Opening body tag is missing an ending '>' on line 7. Fixed this by adding it
6. Div element is missing a closing tag. Fixed this by adding one on line 11
7. Paragraph element doesn't have a closing tag on line 10. Fixed this by adding one at the end of the paragraph.
8. Strong element doesn't have a closing tag on line 10. Fixed this by adding one at the end of the text.
9. Image element has an href descriptor when it should have a src descriptor on line 13. Fixed this by making it appropriate.
10. Image element is missing alt text on line 13. Fixed this by adding alt text of alt="image 2".
11. <h2> element is missing an opening tag on line 15. Fixed this by adding one.
12. Paragraph element is missing an opening tag on line 17. Fixed this by adding one.
13. Comment isn't enclosed in the appropriate tags on line 18. Fixed it by placing it in those of <!-- -->
14. Body element is missing a closing tag. Fixed this by adding one on line 19
15. Closing html tag is mispelled as "htm" on line 20. Fixed this by making it "html"